I'm here in jabalia refugee camp near
the yemeni hospital where Israeli war
planes have fired a missile directly and
without warning at the AL soan Family
Home Medical Teams and civil defense
units are recovering the dead and
injured they're also searching the
rubble for a number of missing
people Israeli war planes targeted the
house completely destroying it and
killing several people others are
missing our teams are trying to find
them and recover the bodies of the Dead
the problem is that we cannot reach all
of the victims it's difficult to work in
this area which is completely
destroyed this man was just rescued from
under the rubble he is one of the
survivors of the Israeli attack on this
house which was full of people scenes
like this are repeated every night as
the genocide and war against
Palestinians in the Gaza Strip continues
every Israeli strike kills people wounds
people and leaves others missing
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al jazer